hello to all i hope you go
well then today I'm here to
a new tutorial
so I'm going to show how to create a
usb bootable key in order to install
windows 8 points I did say the
version 8 points so I'm going to you
show how we enter this usb key
bootable in order to install windows 8
points since the usb key are stingy of
particular problems so the souls
so that's leaving your you need a
usb key of minimum 4 gigas so like
you can see I have a usb key already
connected here with 4 gigas
So here you need the usb key
thoroughly whether to end so top
then you need the iso images of
windows 8 points 1 so we could not
as you can see here I have the picture
iso for the 64 bit version and the
32-bit version
so if you want to download them I
you put a link to download the
iso images we mean nothing of course so
I have not applauded them yet so
I applaud them later so we could
see they are available for them
versions 32 and 64 bit security 411 is
taken out cave
then friends you need windows
seven usb says swell actually it's thanks
at this fight software create another key
bootable usb to install windows 8
points so windows 7 usb dvd toul en
does it's also to create classes
bootable b for windows seven
so we will use to create our
bootable class b for version 8 for
the 8-point version actually does that
walk with windows 7 vista a 2,8 and
a dose 8 points so it's gone so
I would put a link to download this
the installer of this little software
it is a tool so I have you
doubleclick and run next install
here is finish in two seconds it's done
so you will have the software here so I
would put in there and I'm just going
double click
Yes
so here you will have this window
there simply you will click
on bronze to select the images
iso
so for my part I will select
the iso image that corresponds to me so it's
the 64- bit version for my part since
I have a computer these are two bits
so I take the 64-bit version
here is open then I click on a
text
then he asks me if you want him
crav and on a support a usb mobile or
on a dvd so for us it's usb
then we can see here our class
b detect so we're still going
check from a computer and that we can
see the class b the letter ch so so
this is my class b h the move to bhl
disc 3.26 giga so these four
gigandet
then we will simply click
No big on copying and save to format
usb key and it will start
so during this phase there I beg you
to wait patiently because it can
take about 10 to 20 minutes
so we're right after friends
So here is the city years as seen
the bar helped all green let's show the
progression so that's marc who are
for its complete status is back
that is, it's good so what we
is going to do that we're going to close that we're going
unplug the usb key and we'll put the
key this buzz on the on the computer in
which one will install windows 8 points
so here I am doing this with you I
still show you the appearance
of the usb key into the computer for
see if all files have been well
copied in pureur tales with the icon of
windows there
the nation inside you can see
installation files that have good
been copied so there this for that's
good everything
so here I plugged my usb stick and
o'barry started here that's it so I 'm going
start the computer
so here I'm going to show that it's not a
fake
so I 'll see the computer start up and
we will access the bios to do it
vote from the usb key we had
connected it's gone
so I'm going to access the good his
keeping on the shower f10 for me
from the camp my computer is an aspect of
young people press the h / f key
so your name is different so I
will settle for it to go up on the
more beautiful I will go on buttes
option is so good smell with the
key f6 I will go up for the key
usb usb disk is one that are at
first in fact so here I have already settled
at first so I pressed m6 for
that it is first time that the gc
exit exit his business yes and there it has
stuck on usb key for astrid windows
8 points and we can see the logo of
windows 8
apart and for cause jean and
Installation
and opens the installation window of
windows 8 in paris so here I wanted
show how to prepare the usb key
bootable
so that's the end of this
video
I hope you liked it so
do not forget to subscribe to my
youtube channel and thanks to all you are
many on my facebook page so at
The approach